README.md, before:

### Guillaume Claverie

## ENSEEIHT Student
## Game server & mobile apps developer 



### Some of my projects :
## 🍪 Cookie Build
Since 2015
A Minecraft Bedrock minigame server, will millions of entries, a native Android & iOS app for stats and purchases
[Link to Repo](https://github.com/CookieBuild)
## ➕ Counter for iOS
A SwiftUI simple counter app for iOS, using CoreData, CloudKit and WidgetKit
[Available on AppStore](https://apps.apple.com/fr/app/counter-count-everything/id1519600424#?platform=iphone)
## 🧭 Spots for watchOS
A SwiftUI app that uses the compass of an Apple Watch to point towards specific coordinates
[Available on AppStore](https://apps.apple.com/fr/app/spots-compass/id1502218419)
## 🔎 Hywatch for macOS
A SwiftUI app to monitor Hysland Minecraft servers

### My Stats
[![Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Guillaume351&count_private=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
[![Top Langs (public repo)](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Guillaume351&count_private=true&exclude_repo=Website)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

Commit message:

Counter now on Apple Watch

README.md, after:

### Guillaume Claverie

## ENSEEIHT Student
## Game server & mobile apps developer 



### Some of my projects :
## 🍪 Cookie Build
Since 2015
A Minecraft Bedrock minigame server, will millions of entries, a native Android & iOS app for stats and purchases
[Link to Repo](https://github.com/CookieBuild)
## ➕ Counter for iOS, iPadOS and watchOS
A SwiftUI simple counter app for iOS, using CoreData, CloudKit (for synchronization between all versions) and WidgetKit, as well as WatchKit + ClockKit for complications on the Apple Watch
[Available on AppStore](https://apps.apple.com/fr/app/counter-count-everything/id1519600424#?platform=iphone)
## 🧭 Spots for watchOS
A SwiftUI app that uses the compass of an Apple Watch to point towards specific coordinates
[Available on AppStore](https://apps.apple.com/fr/app/spots-compass/id1502218419)
## 🔎 Hywatch for macOS
A SwiftUI app to monitor Hysland Minecraft servers

### My Stats
[![Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Guillaume351&count_private=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
[![Top Langs (public repo)](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Guillaume351&count_private=true&exclude_repo=Website)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
